not
Yes
the goal is to cross knowledge
disciplines on the field of
the layout and the city in relation
with new technologies that it
worth knowing with the news of
philosophical approaches to the world with
the concept of sustainable development and
our goal was to cross
these disciplines to invite young people
architects urban planners and landscapers and
in Grenoble also we have already started a
collaboration with the agreement is since
two years and one goal is
continue in this path of news
technologies the next step is to
say the work that was done here at
paris so around the huge and the
faculty of architecture will extend
at
at mons in march is going to be a
shock that will be organized under the umbrella
of the world architecture faculty
no
concretely he's working on a
territory east of Paris
and who is around the community
agglomeration of marl and chantereine
so it's a community
agglomeration with us what we
we had contact
before, and who was at
the place where really once again the
big city meets the big
agriculture and suddenly the city
crumbles a little agriculture too
agriculture has a little trouble living from
is making its size more and more
reduced in relation to the needs of
two large expanses related to tools
of production that are huge
today we know that machines
agricultural is big fat
machines was extremely well
hosted this is the most popular place the
more in view of the city of science 1
when we go up to see the exhibitions we
can not miss this space there
and then it's a space that's low and
whoever is before the geode of still
from the space point of view we were very
well received and then at the human level
so here it is a welcome absolutely
extraordinary
the overall idea of ​​the project is really
sharing and freedom so necessarily
finally free life is a life in all
freedom
the purpose of this urban experiment
it's really about being able to live and
to be able to change rooms at any time
and not to have no good
of equipment etc
we can imagine there is a room and
share in the bathrooms ya
always a small core of room
baths and blow by way
pneumatic for example we receive the
clothes that can be controlled remotely
if we do not want to move in
the shared dressing room with regard to
sustainable development is the fact of
two precisely as this principle is
based on sharing
we have no accumulation we do not have
each a dryer of a machine to
wash
culture and agriculture are hybridized
in this project and this takes the form of
two full of different spacing that are
staged with each other and
who constitute micro species
we are going from one to the other
do dance either cultivate a
vegetable garden or a shared garden would
that these vegetable gardens these spaces with
of school be experimental in terms of
robotization in terms of production and
in a general way also it's
make people a little actor is
really from the hérault raise awareness about that
and to return to the fundamentals